{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1253\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f5\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red50\green49\blue51;
\red18\green24\blue24;\red18\green88\blue153;\red26\green26\blue26;\red24\green25\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red9\green47\blue157;\red251\green2\blue255;\red5\green61\blue189;\red33\green255\blue6;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c100000;\cssrgb\c25490\c25098\c25882;
\cssrgb\c8627\c12549\c12549;\cssrgb\c6667\c42745\c66667;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c12549\c12941\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c2353\c27059\c67843;\cssrgb\c100000\c25279\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c33333\c78824;\cssrgb\c0\c97680\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13440\viewh9600\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
3.1 The Twitter Platform\
\
\uc0\u927 \u953  \u948 \u953 \u940 \u966 \u959 \u961 \u949 \u962  \u960 \u955 \u945 \u964 \u966 \u972 \u961 \u956 \u949 \u962  \u964 \u969 \u957  social media \u967 \u961 \u951 \u963 \u953 \u956 \u959 \u960 \u959 \u953 \u959 \u973 \u957 \u964 \u945 \u953  \u960 \u945 \u947 \u954 \u959 \u963 \u956 \u943 \u969 \u962  \u945 \u960 \u972  \u949 \u954 \u945 \u964 \u959 \u956 \u956 \u973 \u961 \u953 \u945  \u967 \u961 \u951 \u963 \u964 \u974 \u957 , \u959 \u953  \u959 \u960 \u959 \u943 \u959 \u953  \u956 \u949  \u945 \u965 \u964 \u972  \u964 \u959  \u964 \u961 \u972 \u960 \u959  \u941 \u961 \u967 \u959 \u957 \u964 \u945 \u953  \u963 \u949  \u945 \u955 \u955 \u951 \u955 \u949 \u960 \u943 \u948 \u961 \u945 \u963 \u951 . \u928 \u945 \u961 \u945 \u954 \u959 \u955 \u959 \u965 \u952 \u959 \u973 \u957  \u964 \u951 \u957  \u949 \u960 \u953 \u954 \u945 \u953 \u961 \u972 \u964 \u951 \u964 \u945 , \u964 \u959  \u964 \u959 \u956 \u941 \u945  \u964 \u951 \u962  \u954 \u959 \u953 \u957 \u969 \u957 \u953 \u954 \u942 \u962  \u950 \u969 \u942 \u962  \u960 \u959 \u965  \u964 \u959 \u965 \u962  \u949 \u957 \u948 \u953 \u945 \u966 \u941 \u961 \u949 \u953 , \u963 \u967 \u959 \u955 \u953 \u940 \u950 \u959 \u965 \u957 , \u941 \u961 \u967 \u959 \u957 \u964 \u945 \u953  \u963 \u949  \u945 \u957 \u964 \u953 \u960 \u945 \u961 \u940 \u952 \u949 \u963 \u951 . Microblogging makes it easier to communicate with audiences quickly. Rather than writing pages of text, a micro blog allows for quick, conversational connections with other people.\'a0\
Short microblogging messages appear in various content formats, including audio, video, images and text. The trend for microblogging began when social media emerged to provide quicker ways for companies to\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://sproutsocial.com/insights/social-media-engagement/"}}{\fldrslt engage customers}}. Microblogging also keeps customers informed about the longer content on your website.\'a0\
\uc0\u927 \u953  \u948 \u951 \u956 \u959 \u966 \u953 \u955 \u949 \u943 \u962  \u960 \u955 \u945 \u964 \u966 \u972 \u961 \u956 \u949 \u962  microblogging (Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Instagram, Tumblr, Reddit), \u960 \u941 \u961 \u945  \u945 \u960 \u972  \u964 \u953 \u962  \u940 \u955 \u955 \u949 \u962  \u955 \u949 \u953 \u964 \u959 \u965 \u961 \u947 \u953 \u954 \u972 \u964 \u951 \u964 \u949 \u962  \u964 \u959 \u965 \u962 , \u945 \u960 \u959 \u964 \u949 \u955 \u959 \u973 \u957  \u960 \u959 \u955 \u973 \u964 \u953 \u956 \u959 \u965 \u962  \u960 \u945 \u961 \u940 \u947 \u959 \u957 \u964 \u949 \u962  \u960 \u945 \u961 \u940 \u947 \u969 \u947 \u951 \u962  raw data.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa140\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Twitter\'a0is a\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microblogging"}}{\fldrslt microblogging}}\'a0and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social_networking_service"}}{\fldrslt social networking service}}\'a0owned by American company\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twitter,_Inc."}}{\fldrslt Twitter, Inc.}}, on which users post and interact with messages known as "tweets". {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Registered_user"}}{\fldrslt Registered users}}\'a0can post, like, and retweet tweets, while unregistered users only have a limited ability to read public tweets. Users interact with Twitter through browser or mobile\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frontend_and_backend"}}{\fldrslt frontend}}\'a0software, or programmatically via its\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/API"}}{\fldrslt APIs}}. \
\uc0\u949 \u948 \u974  \u956 \u960 \u959 \u961 \u959 \u973 \u956 \u949  \u957 \u945  \u946 \u940 \u955 \u959 \u965 \u956 \u949  \u964 \u951 \u957  \u949 \u953 \u954 \u972 \u957 \u945  \u949 \u957 \u972 \u962  tweet\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The primary format of the Twitter message, or "tweet," is that it consist only of 140 characters. Twitter creators intended this format to adhere to the standards in place for SMS text messaging on phones.\'a0Audio and video tweets remain limited to 140 seconds for most accounts.\
\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl396\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Part of what links people through Twitter is the designation of topic or purpose through hashtag syntax. When writing a tweet, you can use a word or phrase preceded by a hash symbol ("#") to denote the topic of the tweet, such as including "#money" in a message to illustrate that you are discussing money. Users can then search through the Twitter database for hashtags to find people having conversations about specific topics. You can use multiple hashtags in a single tweet, but be warned that they take up valuable character space.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 	\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl396\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
You may also intend your tweets to address a specific person. In this case, Twitter employs the "mention" tag using the "at" symbol ("@"). You mention someone by typing the user's Twitter handle in your message appended with the "@" symbol. So, to mention user "bob" you would put "@bob" somewhere in your message. The user will be notified by Twitter of the mention and will be able to read the tweet and respond back by using mention syntax as well. As with the hashtag, mentions use a portion of your allotted 140 characters.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl396\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Twitter also contains a mechanism to "retweet," or rebroadcast, another user's tweet on your timeline. This shares the tweet with people who follow you, but perhaps do not follow the user you retweeted. It also helps keep information available, as posts that could have been lost can be reposted by those who find it interesting or relevant.\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	.	}A twitter user can express approval of a tweet by liking it. The number of likes of a tweet expresses its popularity, along with the number of retweets\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sl396\sa120\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa140\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Twitter was created by\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jack_Dorsey"}}{\fldrslt Jack Dorsey}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Noah_Glass"}}{\fldrslt Noah Glass}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Biz_Stone"}}{\fldrslt Biz Stone}}, and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Evan_Williams_(Internet_entrepreneur)"}}{\fldrslt Evan Williams}}\'a0in March 2006 and launched in July of that year. Twitter, Inc. is based in\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/San_Francisco,_California"}}{\fldrslt San Francisco, California}}\'a0and has more than 25 offices around the world.{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twitter#cite_note-10"}}{\fldrslt \super [10]}}\'a0By 2012, more than 100 million users posted 340 million tweets a day,{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twitter#cite_note-11"}}{\fldrslt \super [11]}}\'a0and the service handled an average of 1.6 billion\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_search_query"}}{\fldrslt search queries}}\'a0per day.{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twitter#cite_note-Twitter_500-12"}}{\fldrslt \super [12]}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twitter#cite_note-13"}}{\fldrslt \super [13]}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twitter#cite_note-14"}}{\fldrslt \super [14]}}\'a0In 2013, it was one of the ten\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_most_popular_websites"}}{\fldrslt most-visited websites}}\'a0and has been described as "the SMS of the Internet".{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twitter#cite_note-15"}}{\fldrslt \super [15]}}\'a0By the start of 2019, Twitter had more than 330 million monthly active users.{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twitter#cite_note-Twitter-16"}}{\fldrslt \super [16]}}\'a0In practice, the vast majority of tweets are written by a minority of users.{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twitter#cite_note-17"}}{\fldrslt \super [17]}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twitter#cite_note-18"}}{\fldrslt \super [18]}}\'a0As of 2020, fake accounts were estimated to make up 15% of Twitter accounts, approximately 48 million accounts.{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twitter#cite_note-Rodriguez-19"}}{\fldrslt \super [19]}}\super \
\uc0\u931 \u964 \u951  \u963 \u965 \u957 \u941 \u967 \u949 \u953 \u945 , \u964 \u959  twitter \u949 \u958 \u945 \u947 \u959 \u961 \u940 \u963 \u964 \u951 \u954 \u949  \u945 \u960 \u972  \u964 \u959 \u957  \u949 \u960 \u953 \u967 \u949 \u953 \u961 \u951 \u956 \u945 \u964 \u943 \u945  Elon Musk \u956 \u949  \u956 \u943 \u945  \u963 \u965 \u956 \u966 \u969 \u957 \u943 \u945  \u973 \u968 \u959 \u965 \u962  44 \u948 \u953 \u962  $. \u924 \u949 \u964 \u940  \u964 \u951 \u957  \u949 \u958 \u945 \u947 \u959 \u961 \u940  \u964 \u959 \u965 , \u959 \u953  \u954 \u953 \u957 \u942 \u963 \u949 \u953 \u962  \u954 \u945 \u953  \u959 \u953  \u945 \u960 \u959 \u966 \u940 \u963 \u949 \u953 \u962  \u964 \u959 \u965  \u957 \u941 \u959 \u965  \u953 \u948 \u953 \u959 \u954 \u964 \u942 \u964 \u951  \u941 \u967 \u959 \u965 \u957  \u948 \u951 \u956 \u953 \u959 \u965 \u961 \u947 \u942 \u963 \u949 \u953  \u945 \u957 \u951 \u963 \u965 \u967 \u943 \u949 \u962  \u947 \u953 \u945  \u964 \u959  \u956 \u941 \u955 \u955 \u959 \u957  \u964 \u951 \u962  \u960 \u955 \u945 \u964 \u966 \u972 \u961 \u956 \u945 \u962 . \
\
\

\f1\b\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cb1 \nosupersub \ul \ulc2 \

\f2\b0\fs28 \cf8 \cb9 \ulnone In 2009, Twitter was mainly used by older adults who might not have used other social sites before Twitter, said Jeremiah Owyang, an industry analyst studying social media. "Adults are just catching up to what teens have been doing for years", he said.{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twitter#cite_note-teensdonttweet-223"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs22\fsmilli11200 \cf10 \super [222]}}\'a0According to\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ComScore"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 comScore}}\'a0only 11% of Twitter's users are aged 12 to 17.{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twitter#cite_note-teensdonttweet-223"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs22\fsmilli11200 \cf10 \super [222]}}\'a0comScore attributed this to Twitter's "early adopter period" when the social network first gained popularity in business settings and news outlets attracting primarily older users. However, comScore also stated in 2009 that Twitter had begun to "filter more into the mainstream", and "along with it came a culture of celebrity as\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shaquille_O%27Neal"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 Shaq}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Britney_Spears"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 Britney Spears}}\'a0and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ashton_Kutcher"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 Ashton Kutcher}}\'a0joined the ranks of the Twitterati".{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twitter#cite_note-224"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs22\fsmilli11200 \cf10 \super [223]}}\
According to a study by\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sysomos"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 Sysomos}}\'a0in June 2009, women make up a slightly larger Twitter demographic than men\'9753% over 47%. It also stated that 5% of users accounted for 75% of all activity and that New York City has more Twitter users than other cities.{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twitter#cite_note-225"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs22\fsmilli11200 \cf10 \super [224]}}\
According to Quancast, 27 million people in the US used Twitter as of September 3, 2009; 63% of Twitter users are under 35 years old; 60% of Twitter users are Caucasian, but a higher than average (compared to other Internet properties) are African American/black (16%) and Hispanic (11%); 58% of Twitter users have a total household income of at least US$60,000.{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twitter#cite_note-226"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs22\fsmilli11200 \cf10 \super [225]}}\'a0The prevalence of African American Twitter usage and in many popular hashtags has been the subject of research studies.{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twitter#cite_note-227"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs22\fsmilli11200 \cf10 \super [226]}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twitter#cite_note-228"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs22\fsmilli11200 \cf10 \super [227]}}\
On September 7, 2011, Twitter announced that it had 100\'a0million active users logging in at least once a month and 50\'a0million active users every day.{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twitter#cite_note-229"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs22\fsmilli11200 \cf10 \super [228]}}\'a0On March 31, 2014, Twitter announced that there were 255\'a0million monthly active users (MAUs) and 198\'a0million mobile MAUs.{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twitter#cite_note-investor.twitterinc.com-230"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs22\fsmilli11200 \cf10 \super [229]}}\'a0In 2013, there were over 100\'a0million users actively using Twitter daily and about 500\'a0million tweets every day,{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twitter#cite_note-231"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs22\fsmilli11200 \cf10 \super [230]}}\'a0with about 29% of users checking Twitter multiple times a day.{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twitter#cite_note-232"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs22\fsmilli11200 \cf10 \super [231]}}\'a0As of Q1 2019, Twitter had more than 330 million monthly active users. The majority of Twitter users skew to the American political left.{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twitter#cite_note-233"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs22\fsmilli11200 \cf10 \super [232]}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twitter#cite_note-234"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs22\fsmilli11200 \cf10 \super [233]}}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twitter#cite_note-Twitter-16"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs22\fsmilli11200 \cf10 \super [16]}}\
In 2012, the country with the most active users on Twitter was the United States.{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twitter#cite_note-235"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs22\fsmilli11200 \cf10 \super [234]}}\'a0A 2016\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pew_Research_Center"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 Pew research poll}}\'a0found that Twitter is used by 24% of all online US adults. It was equally popular with men and women (24% and 25% of online Americans respectively), but more popular with younger (36% of 18\'9629 year olds) generations.{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twitter#cite_note-236"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs22\fsmilli11200 \cf10 \super [235]}}\
A 2019 survey conducted by the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Pew_Charitable_Trusts"}}{\fldrslt \cf10 Pew Foundation}}\'a0found that Twitter users are more likely than the general public to have both a college degree and higher income than the average U.S. adult. Users are also three times as likely to be younger than 50 years old, with the median age of adult U.S. users being 40 years old. The survey found that 10% of users who are most active on Twitter are responsible for 80% of all tweets, focusing mainly on the topics of politics and women.{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twitter#cite_note-237"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs22\fsmilli11200 \cf10 \super [236]}}
\fs22\fsmilli11200 \cf10 \super \

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \nosupersub \

\f3\b \cb11 \uc0\u919  \u967 \u961 \u942 \u963 \u951  \u964 \u959 \u965  twitter \u963 \u964 \u951 \u957  \u917 \u955 \u955 \u940 \u948 \u945 , \u945 \u955 \u955 \u940  \u954 \u945 \u953  \u960 \u945 \u947 \u954 \u959 \u963 \u956 \u943 \u969 \u962 \
\
\cb3 \
\uc0\u960 \u972 \u963 \u945  tweets per day \u954 \u964 \u955 \
\
2.2 Twitter sentiment analysis\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0

\f4\b0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb1 Among the various social media platforms, Twitter has experienced particularly widespread user adoption and rapid growth in communication volume. Twitter is a micro-blogging platform where users author \'93tweets\'94 that are broadcasted to their followers or sent to another user. ccompanying this tremendous growth, Twitter has also been the subject of much recent senti- ment analysis research, as tweets often express a user\'92s opinion on a topic of interest. \uc0\u922 \u940 \u952 \u949  \u967 \u961 \u942 \u963 \u964 \u951 \u962  \u941 \u967 \u949 \u953  \u964 \u951  \u948 \u965 \u957 \u945 \u964 \u972 \u964 \u951 \u964 \u945  \u956 \u949  \u941 \u957 \u945  \u956 \u942 \u957 \u965 \u956 \u945 , \u956 \u941 \u967 \u961 \u953  \u954 \u945 \u953  140 \u967 \u945 \u961 \u945 \u954 \u964 \u942 \u961 \u949 \u962 , \u957 \u945  \u963 \u967 \u959 \u955 \u953 \u940 \u963 \u949 \u953  \u959 \u960 \u959 \u953 \u959 \u948 \u942 \u960 \u959 \u964 \u949  \u952 \u941 \u956 \u945  \u945 \u966 \u959 \u961 \u940  \u964 \u951  \u954 \u959 \u953 \u957 \u969 \u957 \u953 \u954 \u942  \u960 \u961 \u945 \u947 \u956 \u945 \u964 \u953 \u954 \u972 \u964 \u951 \u964 \u945 . \u932 \u945  \u948 \u953 \u940 \u966 \u959 \u961 \u945  tweets \u956 \u960 \u959 \u961 \u949 \u943  \u957 \u945  \u945 \u960 \u959 \u964 \u949 \u955 \u959 \u973 \u957  \u954 \u961 \u953 \u964 \u953 \u954 \u942  \u947 \u953 \u945  \u956 \u943 \u945  \u964 \u945 \u953 \u957 \u943 \u945  \u942  \u947 \u953 \u945  \u941 \u957 \u945  \u960 \u961 \u959 \u970 \u959 \u957  \u942  \u945 \u957 \u964 \u953 \u960 \u945 \u961 \u940 \u952 \u949 \u963 \u951  \u947 \u953 \u945  \u941 \u957 \u945  \u957 \u941 \u959  \u957 \u972 \u956 \u959  \u942  \u956 \u943 \u945  \u957 \u941 \u945  \u960 \u959 \u955 \u953 \u964 \u953 \u954 \u942  \u949 \u958 \u941 \u955 \u953 \u958 \u951 . To capture this emerging information, researchers have developed approaches to monitor Twitter and detect various events, such as shifts in the public opinion regarding presidential candidates (Wang et al. 2010), indications of financial mar- ket movements (Zhang and Skiena \cf12 2010\cf2 ), or early warnings of adverse medical events (Abbasi et al. \cf12 2013\cf2 ). 
\fs24 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \uc0\u932 \u959  TSA \u949 \u958 \u945 \u961 \u964 \u940 \u964 \u945 \u953  \u963 \u964 \u949 \u957 \u940  \u945 \u960 \u972  \u964 \u951  \u966 \u973 \u963 \u951  \u954 \u945 \u953  \u964 \u959  \u952 \u941 \u956 \u945  \u960 \u959 \u965  \u960 \u961 \u945 \u947 \u956 \u945 \u964 \u949 \u973 \u959 \u957 \u964 \u945 \u953  \u964 \u945  \u963 \u965 \u947 \u954 \u949 \u957 \u964 \u961 \u969 \u956 \u941 \u957 \u945  tweets. \u919  \u949 \u961 \u949 \u965 \u957 \u951 \u964 \u953 \u954 \u942  \u954 \u959 \u953 \u957 \u972 \u964 \u951 \u964 \u945  \u941 \u967 \u949 \u953  \u945 \u957 \u945 \u960 \u964 \u973 \u958 \u949 \u953  \u945 \u961 \u954 \u949 \u964 \u941 \u962  \u964 \u949 \u967 \u957 \u953 \u954 \u941 \u962  \u947 \u953 \u945  \u964 \u951 \u957  \u965 \u955 \u959 \u960 \u959 \u943 \u951 \u963 \u951  SA \u963 \u949  datasets \u945 \u960 \u972  \u964 \u959  twitter \u954 \u945 \u953  \u963 \u965 \u957 \u949 \u967 \u943 \u950 \u949 \u953  \u963 \u949  \u945 \u965 \u964 \u972 \u957  \u964 \u959 \u957  \u960 \u961 \u959 \u963 \u945 \u957 \u945 \u964 \u959 \u955 \u953 \u963 \u956 \u972  \u956 \u949  \u963 \u954 \u959 \u960 \u972  \u964 \u951 \u957  \u946 \u949 \u955 \u964 \u943 \u969 \u963 \u951  \u964 \u959 \u965 \u962 . \
\
\uc0\u927 \u961 \u953 \u963 \u956 \u941 \u957 \u945  \u967 \u945 \u961 \u945 \u954 \u964 \u951 \u961 \u953 \u963 \u964 \u953 \u954 \u940  \u964 \u959 \u965  Twitter, \u945 \u955 \u955 \u940  \u954 \u945 \u953  \u940 \u955 \u955 \u969 \u957  microblogging platforms \u949 \u943 \u957 \u945 \u953 : \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 .	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(1) \'a0The linguistic style of tweets is usually informal, with a lot of abbreviations, idioms, and the use of jargon is very common. 
\fs24 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(2) \'a0The users do not care about the correct use of grammar, which increases the difficulty of carrying out a linguistic analysis. 
\fs24 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs26\fsmilli13333 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(3) \'a0Because the maximum length of a tweet is 140 characters, the users usually refer to the same concept with a large variety of short and irregular forms. This problem is known as data sparsity, and it is a challenge for the sentiment-topic task. 
\fs24 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs26\fsmilli13333 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(4) \'a0The lack of context is a very difficult problem that the SA systems have to deal with.\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u932 \u945  \u967 \u945 \u961 \u945 \u954 \u964 \u951 \u961 \u953 \u963 \u964 \u953 \u954 \u940  \u945 \u965 \u964 \u940  \u945 \u960 \u959 \u964 \u949 \u955 \u959 \u973 \u957  \u960 \u945 \u961 \u940 \u955 \u955 \u951 \u955 \u945  \u949 \u956 \u960 \u972 \u948 \u953 \u945  \u954 \u945 \u953  \u945 \u948 \u965 \u957 \u945 \u956 \u943 \u949 \u962  \u947 \u953 \u945  \u964 \u951 \u957  \u949 \u960 \u949 \u958 \u949 \u961 \u947 \u945 \u963 \u943 \u945  \u964 \u951 \u962  \u947 \u955 \u974 \u963 \u963 \u945 \u962  \u964 \u969 \u957  tweets, \u956 \u949 \u953 \u974 \u957 \u959 \u957 \u964 \u945 \u962  \u964 \u959  accuracy \u964 \u969 \u957  \u964 \u949 \u967 \u957 \u953 \u954 \u974 \u957  \u960 \u959 \u965  \u945 \u957 \u945 \u960 \u964 \u973 \u963 \u963 \u959 \u957 \u964 \u945 \u953 . \u937 \u963 \u964 \u972 \u963 \u959 , \u955 \u945 \u956 \u946 \u940 \u957 \u959 \u957 \u964 \u945 \u962  \u965 \u960 \u972 \u968 \u951  \u964 \u951  \u963 \u951 \u956 \u945 \u963 \u943 \u945  \u964 \u969 \u957  \u963 \u965 \u956 \u960 \u949 \u961 \u945 \u963 \u956 \u940 \u964 \u969 \u957  \u945 \u960 \u972  \u964 \u945  tweets \u963 \u949  \u948 \u953 \u940 \u966 \u959 \u961 \u959 \u965 \u962  \u964 \u959 \u956 \u949 \u943 \u962  \u964 \u951 \u962  \u954 \u959 \u953 \u957 \u969 \u957 \u953 \u954 \u942 \u962  \u950 \u969 \u942 \u962 , \u960 \u961 \u945 \u947 \u956 \u945 \u964 \u959 \u960 \u959 \u953 \u949 \u943 \u964 \u945 \u953  \u949 \u948 \u974  \u954 \u945 \u953  \u967 \u961 \u972 \u957 \u959  \u949 \u957 \u948 \u949 \u955 \u949 \u967 \u942 \u962  \u956 \u949 \u955 \u941 \u964 \u951  \u954 \u945 \u953  \u941 \u961 \u949 \u965 \u957 \u945  \u956 \u949  \u952 \u941 \u956 \u945  \u964 \u959  Twitter Sentiment Analysis. \u904 \u967 \u959 \u965 \u957  \u948 \u951 \u956 \u959 \u963 \u953 \u949 \u965 \u964 \u949 \u943  \u948 \u949 \u954 \u940 \u948 \u949 \u962  \u949 \u961 \u949 \u965 \u957 \u951 \u964 \u953 \u954 \u940  papers \u964 \u945  \u964 \u949 \u955 \u949 \u965 \u964 \u945 \u943 \u945  \u967 \u961 \u972 \u957 \u953 \u945 , \u954 \u940 \u964 \u953  \u960 \u959 \u965  \u966 \u945 \u957 \u949 \u961 \u974 \u957 \u949 \u953  \u964 \u951 \u957  \u963 \u951 \u956 \u945 \u963 \u943 \u945  \u947 \u953 \u945  \u964 \u959  \u963 \u965 \u947 \u954 \u949 \u954 \u961 \u953 \u956 \u941 \u957 \u959  \u949 \u961 \u949 \u965 \u957 \u951 \u964 \u953 \u954 \u972  \u960 \u949 \u948 \u943 \u959 .\
\
TSA research follows two major motivations. The first line of research focuses on the application of TSA to gain insights into various business or social issues, predict key indicators, or monitor Twitter for emerging information or events. Recognizing the value of information derived through accurate TSA, the second line of research focuses on innovating and developing improved tech- niques for TSA.\
\uc0\u928 \u945 \u961 \u972 \u956 \u959 \u953 \u945  \u954 \u943 \u957 \u951 \u964 \u961 \u945  \u941 \u967 \u959 \u965 \u957  \u959 \u948 \u951 \u947 \u942 \u963 \u949 \u953  \u963 \u964 \u951 \u957  \u945 \u957 \u940 \u960 \u964 \u965 \u958 \u951  \u964 \u949 \u967 \u957 \u953 \u954 \u974 \u957  SA \u947 \u953 \u945  \u940 \u955 \u955 \u949 \u962  \u960 \u955 \u945 \u964 \u966 \u972 \u961 \u956 \u949 \u962  social media.The sentiment analysis techniques developed in studies on product reviews (Pang et al. \cf12 2002\cf2 ), web forums (Abbasi et al. \cf12 2008\cf2 ), or Facebook comments (Troussas et al. \cf12 2013\cf2 ) are often intended to improve the quality of information derived from these sources when applied to gain insights into, for example, product sales (Forman et al. \cf12 2008\cf2 ) or stock prices (Das and Chen \cf12 2007\cf2 ; Siganos et al. \cf12 2014\cf2 ). \
\uc0\u935 \u961 \u949 \u953 \u940 \u950 \u949 \u964 \u945 \u953  \u957 \u945  \u947 \u943 \u957 \u959 \u965 \u957  \u959 \u953  \u949 \u958 \u942 \u962  \u948 \u953 \u949 \u965 \u954 \u961 \u953 \u957 \u943 \u963 \u949 \u953 \u962  \
\uc0\u928 \u961 \u974 \u964 \u945  \u945 \u960 \u972  \u972 \u955 \u945 , \u956 \u953 \u945  \u946 \u945 \u963 \u953 \u954 \u942  \u949 \u954 \u964 \u943 \u956 \u951 \u963 \u951  \u960 \u959 \u965  \u954 \u940 \u957 \u959 \u965 \u957  \u959 \u953  \u960 \u949 \u961 \u953 \u963 \u963 \u972 \u964 \u949 \u961 \u959 \u953  \u949 \u961 \u949 \u965 \u957 \u951 \u964 \u953 \u954 \u941 \u962  \u947 \u953 \u945  \u964 \u951  \u966 \u973 \u963 \u951  \u964 \u969 \u957  tweets \u949 \u943 \u957 \u945 \u953  \u972 \u964 \u953  \u949 \u943 \u957 \u945 \u953  \u965 \u960 \u959 \u954 \u949 \u953 \u956 \u949 \u957 \u953 \u954 \u940 . \u916 \u949 \u973 \u964 \u949 \u961 \u959 \u957 , \u964 \u945  \u967 \u953 \u955 \u953 \u940 \u948 \u949 \u962  \u964 \u959 \u965  tweets \u960 \u959 \u965  \u956 \u960 \u959 \u961 \u949 \u943  \u941 \u957 \u945 \u962  \u967 \u961 \u942 \u963 \u964 \u951 \u962  \u957 \u945  \u963 \u965 \u947 \u954 \u949 \u957 \u964 \u961 \u974 \u963 \u949 \u953  \u947 \u953 \u945  \u964 \u951  \u948 \u951 \u956 \u953 \u959 \u965 \u961 \u947 \u943 \u945  \u949 \u957 \u972 \u962  dataset \u954 \u945 \u952 \u953 \u963 \u964 \u959 \u973 \u957  \u948 \u973 \u963 \u954 \u959 \u955 \u951  \u942  \u954 \u945 \u953  \u945 \u948 \u973 \u957 \u945 \u964 \u951  \u964 \u951  \u967 \u949 \u953 \u961 \u959 \u954 \u943 \u957 \u951 \u964 \u951  \u949 \u954 \u964 \u943 \u956 \u951 \u963 \u951  \u964 \u959 \u965  polarity \u954 \u940 \u952 \u949  tweet. \

\fs24 \cb13 \uc0\u949 \u948 \u974  \u952 \u945  \u956 \u960 \u949 \u953  \u941 \u957 \u945 \u962  \u960 \u943 \u957 \u945 \u954 \u945 \u962  \u960 \u959 \u965  \u952 \u945  \u941 \u967 \u949 \u953  \u964 \u945  \u948 \u953 \u940 \u966 \u959 \u961 \u945  tweets\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb1 1) Go, Bhayani and Huang (2009) \'97> \uc0\u960 \u961 \u945 \u947 \u956 \u945 \u964 \u959 \u960 \u959 \u943 \u951 \u963 \u945 \u957  \u956 \u943 \u945  supervised \u954 \u945 \u964 \u951 \u947 \u959 \u961 \u959 \u960 \u959 \u943 \u951 \u963 \u951  \u947 \u953 \u945  \u964 \u959  polarity \u964 \u969 \u957  tweets. \u922 \u945 \u964 \u945 \u963 \u954 \u949 \u973 \u945 \u963 \u945 \u957  2 datasets, \u941 \u957 \u945  dataset \'93\u952 \u949 \u964 \u953 \u954 \u974 \u957 \'94 tweets \u956 \u949  \u946 \u940 \u963 \u951  \u964 \u959  emoticon \'91:)\'92 \u954 \u945 \u953  \u941 \u957 \u945  \u945 \u961 \u957 \u951 \u964 \u953 \u954 \u972  dataset \u956 \u949  \u946 \u940 \u963 \u951  \u964 \u959  emoticon \'91:(\'92. The algorithms analysed are the same as used by Pang et al. (2002), i.e. Support Vector Machine (SVM), Na\u32 \u776 \u305 ve Bayes and maximum entropy. They drew some interesting conclusions, such as that the use of POS-TAGS does not provide valuable information for the classification of polarity on Twitter, that the simple use of unigrams to represent tweets provides very good results, comparable to those obtained in the classification of polarity on long texts and, finally, that the results obtained with unigrams can be slightly improved by the combination of unigrams and bigrams. \
2) According to Kim et al. (2009), following the announcement of Michael Jackson death \'97> The authors do not use a machine learning algorithm, but rather discriminate the expressions of sadness in tweets based on the score that the lexicon Affective Norms for English Words (ANEW)
\fs18\fsmilli9333 \up10 15 
\fs26\fsmilli13333 \up0 assigned to each term appearing in the tweets. The lexicon ANEW provides a set of 1,034 English words, which are scored on a scale of 1\'969 concerning three different moods: valence (pleasure/displeasure), arousal (excitement/calm) and dominance (strength/weakness)
\fs24 \cb3 \
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 3) 
\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cb1 Following Go et al. (2009), Pak and Paroubek (2010) studied the validity of Twitter for the SA, They generated a corpus of positive tweets with positive emoticons, negative tweets with negative emoticons, and neutral tweets that corresponded to the user accounts published by newspapers and magazines in North America. First, a study of the frequency distribution of words in the tweets was performed on the corpus of 300,000 tweets generated, as well as an analysis of the frequencies of the different syntactic categories to which the words of the tweets of each of the three classes belong. Finally, the authors applied a machine learning process to classify the polarity of the tweets. In this process, the performance of three algorithms was assessed: SVM, Na\uc0\u32 \u776 \u305 ve Bayes and Conditional Random Fields (CRF). The authors concluded that the best configuration for the analysis of opinions on Twitter is to use the Na\u32 \u776 \u305 ve Bayes algorithm, and use n-grams and Post-tags as characteristics of the tweets. 
\fs24 \
\cb3 4) 
\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cb1 Thelwall, Buckley and Paltoglou (2011) analyse the possible relation between events and changes in the intensity of opinions \'97> Experiments performed by the authors to address this question started by using the Spinn3r
\fs18\fsmilli9333 \up10 16 
\fs26\fsmilli13333 \up0 company\'92s web service to download 34,770,790 tweets in English, continuing with the selection of the thirty most important events that occurred during the twenty-nine days to which the tweets belonged. They used an algorithm developed by the authors themselves and introduced in 2010 (Thelwall et al. 2010). The SentiStrength
\fs18\fsmilli9333 \up10 17 
\fs26\fsmilli13333 \up0 algorithm is designed for the analysis of short messages and is trained to work with abbreviations and jargon specific to the data source. Although designed for the analysis of texts published on MySpace, the authors are convinced it will perform well with the messages posted on Twitter. SentiStrength assigns each message a score of positivity and negativity on a scale of 1\'965 (1: no positive/negative; 5: very positive/negative). For example, the message \'91Luv u miss u\'92 is assigned a positivity of 3 and a negativity of \uc0\u8722 2. Some outstanding features of this algorithm are its ability to correct spelling errors, its understanding of the jargon often used on Twitter, the use of linguistic rules for the treatment of negation, the valuation of modifiers like \'91very\'92, and finally the fact that in its calculation of the intensity of opinions it also takes into account the emoticons published in messages. In conclusion, the authors note that there is evidence that the importance of the events commented on Twitter is related to the increase in the intensity of negative reviews. They also state that it does not seem likely that important issues can be identified by the intensity of opinions, but rather by the volume of tweets posted on them. Finally, they point out that most Twitter users, rather than expressing their opinion on a particular event often use Twitter simply from a humorous point of view. 
\fs24 \
\cb3 5) 
\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cb1 Ley Zhang et al. (2011) he authors propose a hybrid system for the analysis of sentence-level opinions on Twitter. For their experiments, they used a corpus of English tweets on five separate entities (Obama, Harry Potter, Tangled, iPad and Packers), to which was applied a pre-processing consisting of removal of retweets, translation of abbreviations into original terms and deleting of links, a tokenization process, and morphosyntactic labelling (POS). Once the corpus was cleaned, a lexicon-based method for classifying tweets according to their polarity was applied. The authors selected a set of subjective words from all those available in English and added hashtags with a subjective meaning. Note that special rules apply for the treatment of comparative judgements, the treatment of negation, and the treatment of expressions that can change the orientation of a phrase. To solve the problem of recall often inherent in these methods, the authors attempted to identify a greater number of words indicative of subjective content. Thus, they applied the \uc0\u967 
\fs18\fsmilli9333 \up10 2 
\fs26\fsmilli13333 \up0 test, with the idea that if a term is more likely to appear in a positive or negative judgement, it is more likely to be a subjective content identifier. In this way, and automatically, they were able to increase the number of labelled tweets. The next step was to apply a machine learning method for the classification of new tweets, in this case using the SVM algorithm. 
\fs24 \cb3 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cb13 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb1 6) Although there are some controversial studies about the use of emoticons as a valid corpus of Twitter, recently Davidov, Tsur and Rappoport (2010a) used 50 hashtags and 15 emoticons as sentiment labels to train a supervised sentiment classifier using the K Nearest Neighbors (KNN) algorithm. The experiments are validated by human judges and the results obtained are very promising. \
7) Up to now all the studies described which follow a strategy based on machine learning have used traditional methods, which is to say algorithms normally used for \'91static\'92 text classification. In contrast, Bifet and Frank (2010) opt for the use of data flow algorithms for polarity classification in Twitter. In addition, they propose the use of the Kappa evaluation measure (Cohen 1960) to evaluate large amounts of unbalanced data. In their experimentation, they used a framework for data flow analysis: massive online analysis (MOA) (Bifet et al. 2010). The data used were the corpus generated by Go et al. (2009) and Petrovic\uc0\u32 \u769 , Osborne and Lavrenko (2010), from which, after a process of tokenization, the stop words from the list of WEKA (Waikato Environment for Knowledge Analysis) were eliminated and then represented by binary vectors, where the presence of each unigram was indicated. The algorithms tested in the experimentation were Multinomial Na\u32 \u776 \u305 ve Bayes, stochastic gradient descent (SGD) and Hoeffding tree. The authors conclude that for polarity classification in Twitter the algorithm which returns the best results is SGD. The results obtained with the corpus of Go et al. for Na\u32 \u776 \u305 ve Bayes are comparable with those of Go et al. (2009). 
\fs24 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 8) Herna\uc0\u32 \u769 ndez and Sallis (2011) propose an unsupervised method of reducing features for SA. Their method is based on the latent Dirichlet allocation (LDA) methodology, which is summarized in the article. The method is evaluated with a corpus of 10,000 tweets in English on the iPad tablet, which were downloaded during the months of March and April 2011. After cleaning the corpus, the tweets are represented following the vector space model and using the TF-IDF metric to weight the terms. Once all the tweets are represented, the authors apply their proposal for the reduction of features. They do not carry out a polarity classification process to compare the performance of the complete data set and the reduced data set. They concluded that the reduced model is better because its entropy value is less (better) than that of the complete model. 
\fs24 \

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0

\f5\b \cf2 \cb13 2.3 Twitter and politics\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0

\f4\b0 \cf2 \cb1 The use of Twitter as a source of data for making predictions is not limited to the commercial world, \uc0\u945 \u955 \u955 \u940  \u952 \u945  \u956 \u960 \u959 \u961 \u959 \u973 \u963 \u949  \u957 \u945  \u949 \u966 \u945 \u961 \u956 \u959 \u963 \u964 \u949 \u943  \u954 \u945 \u953  \u963 \u964 \u959  \u960 \u949 \u948 \u943 \u959  \u964 \u951 \u962  \u960 \u959 \u955 \u953 \u964 \u953 \u954 \u942 \u962 . \u919  \u945 \u958 \u953 \u959 \u960 \u959 \u943 \u951 \u963 \u951  \u964 \u959 \u965  twitter \u963 \u964 \u959  \u960 \u949 \u948 \u943 \u959  \u964 \u951 \u962  \u960 \u959 \u955 \u953 \u964 \u953 \u954 \u942 \u962  \u945 \u966 \u959 \u961 \u940  \u964 \u972 \u963 \u959  \u964 \u959 \u965 \u962  \'93\u945 \u960 \u972  \u960 \u940 \u957 \u969 \'94 \u972 \u960 \u969 \u962  \u959 \u953  \u954 \u965 \u946 \u949 \u961 \u957 \u942 \u963 \u949 \u953 \u962 , \u948 \u953 \u949 \u952 \u957 \u949 \u943 \u962  \u959 \u961 \u947 \u945 \u957 \u953 \u963 \u956 \u959 \u943  (\u917 \u917 , \u916 \u925 \u932 ), \u960 \u959 \u955 \u953 \u964 \u953 \u954 \u940  \u954 \u972 \u956 \u956 \u945 \u964 \u945  \u972 \u963 \u959  \u954 \u945 \u953  \u964 \u959 \u965 \u962  \'93\u945 \u960 \u972  \u954 \u940 \u964 \u969 \'94 \u972 \u960 \u969 \u962  \u959 \u953  \u949 \u961 \u947 \u945 \u950 \u972 \u956 \u949 \u957 \u959 \u953  \u954 \u945 \u953  \u945 \u960 \u955 \u972 \u962  \u955 \u945 \u972 \u962 . \u913 \u960 \u959 \u964 \u949 \u955 \u949 \u943  \u954 \u945 \u953  \u945 \u965 \u964 \u972  \u941 \u957 \u945 \u957  \u940 \u955 \u955 \u959 \u957  \u964 \u961 \u972 \u960 \u959  \u945 \u955 \u955 \u951 \u955 \u949 \u960 \u943 \u948 \u961 \u945 \u963 \u951 \u962 . \u928 \u945 \u961 \u959 \u965 \u963 \u953 \u940 \u950 \u959 \u965 \u956 \u945 \u953  \u959 \u961 \u953 \u963 \u956 \u941 \u957 \u949 \u962  \u963 \u951 \u956 \u945 \u957 \u964 \u953 \u954 \u941 \u962  \u960 \u964 \u965 \u967 \u941 \u962  \u964 \u959 \u965  \u950 \u951 \u964 \u942 \u956 \u945 \u964 \u959 \u962 :\
-\uc0\u919  \u963 \u951 \u956 \u945 \u963 \u943 \u945  \u964 \u959 \u965  Twitter \u963 \u964 \u953 \u962  \u949 \u954 \u955 \u959 \u947 \u941 \u962  \u954 \u945 \u953  \u947 \u949 \u957 \u953 \u954 \u972 \u964 \u949 \u961 \u945  \u963 \u964 \u951  \u960 \u959 \u955 \u953 \u964 \u953 \u954 \u942  \u949 \u954 \u964 \u953 \u956 \u942 \u952 \u951 \u954 \u949  \u956 \u949  \u963 \u959 \u946 \u945 \u961 \u959 \u973 \u962  \u972 \u961 \u959 \u965 \u962  \u947 \u953 \u945  \u960 \u961 \u974 \u964 \u951  \u966 \u972 \u961 \u945  \u945 \u960 \u972  \u964 \u959 \u957  \u924 \u960 \u940 \u961 \u945 \u954  \u927 \u956 \u960 \u940 \u956 \u945  \u954 \u945 \u953  \u964 \u959  \u954 \u972 \u956 \u956 \u945  \u964 \u969 \u957  \u916 \u951 \u956 \u959 \u954 \u961 \u945 \u964 \u953 \u954 \u974 \u957  \u963 \u964 \u953 \u962  \u919 \u928 \u913 . \u931 \u964 \u953 \u962  29 \u913 \u960 \u961 \u953 \u955 \u943 \u959 \u965  2007, \u959  \u964 \u972 \u964 \u949  \u965 \u960 \u959 \u968 \u942 \u966 \u953 \u959 \u962  \u964 \u959 \u965  \u916 \u951 \u956 \u959 \u954 \u961 \u945 \u964 \u953 \u954 \u959 \u973  \u954 \u972 \u956 \u956 \u945 \u964 \u959 \u962 , \u924 \u960 \u940 \u961 \u945 \u954  \u927 \u956 \u960 \u940 \u956 \u945  \u958 \u949 \u954 \u943 \u957 \u951 \u963 \u949  \u964 \u951  \u960 \u961 \u959 \u949 \u954 \u955 \u959 \u947 \u953 \u954 \u942  \u964 \u959 \u965  \u949 \u954 \u963 \u964 \u961 \u945 \u964 \u949 \u943 \u945  \u948 \u951 \u956 \u959 \u963 \u953 \u949 \u973 \u959 \u957 \u964 \u945 \u962  \u964 \u959  \u949 \u958 \u942 \u962  tweet: . To tweet \u964 \u959 \u965  Obama \u948 \u951 \u956 \u959 \u963 \u953 \u949 \u973 \u964 \u951 \u954 \u949  \u957 \u945  \u967 \u961 \u972 \u957 \u959  \u960 \u949 \u961 \u943 \u960 \u959 \u965  \u945 \u960 \u972  \u964 \u951  \u948 \u951 \u956 \u959 \u963 \u943 \u949 \u965 \u963 \u951  \u964 \u959 \u965  \u960 \u961 \u974 \u964 \u959 \u965  tweet \u945 \u960 \u972  \u964 \u959 \u957  Jack Dorsey. \u919  \u945 \u958 \u953 \u959 \u960 \u959 \u943 \u951 \u963 \u951  \u964 \u959 \u965  twitter \u963 \u949  \u945 \u965 \u964 \u942  \u964 \u951 \u957  \u949 \u954 \u955 \u959 \u947 \u953 \u954 \u942  \u956 \u940 \u967 \u951  \u963 \u965 \u957 \u941 \u946 \u945 \u955 \u949  \u963 \u964 \u951 \u957  \u949 \u954 \u955 \u959 \u947 \u953 \u954 \u942  \u957 \u943 \u954 \u951  \u964 \u959 \u965  Obama \u963 \u949  \u945 \u965 \u964 \u941 \u962  \u964 \u953 \u962  \u949 \u954 \u955 \u959 \u947 \u941 \u962 . \u919  \u954 \u943 \u957 \u951 \u963 \u951  \u945 \u965 \u964 \u942  \u941 \u956 \u949 \u955 \u955 \u949  \u957 \u945  \u960 \u945 \u943 \u958 \u949 \u953  \u954 \u945 \u964 \u945 \u955 \u965 \u964 \u953 \u954 \u972  \u961 \u972 \u955 \u959  \u963 \u964 \u951 \u957  \u945 \u958 \u953 \u959 \u960 \u959 \u943 \u951 \u963 \u951  \u964 \u959 \u965  twitter \u969 \u962  \u960 \u959 \u955 \u953 \u964 \u953 \u954 \u972  \u949 \u961 \u947 \u945 \u955 \u949 \u943 \u959 . \u924 \u949  \u964 \u951 \u957  \u943 \u948 \u953 \u945  \u955 \u959 \u947 \u953 \u954 \u942  \u954 \u953 \u957 \u942 \u952 \u951 \u954 \u949  \u960 \u940 \u955 \u953  \u959  \u927 \u956 \u960 \u940 \u956 \u945  \u963 \u964 \u953 \u962  \u949 \u954 \u955 \u959 \u947 \u941 \u962  \u964 \u959 \u965  2012. \u904 \u954 \u964 \u959 \u964 \u949 , \u959  \u948 \u961 \u972 \u956 \u959 \u962  \u947 \u953 \u945  \u964 \u951 \u957  \u949 \u965 \u961 \u949 \u943 \u945  \u945 \u958 \u953 \u959 \u960 \u959 \u943 \u951 \u963 \u951  \u964 \u959 \u965  twitter \u945 \u960 \u972  \u960 \u959 \u955 \u953 \u964 \u953 \u954 \u940  \u960 \u961 \u972 \u963 \u969 \u960 \u945  \u940 \u957 \u959 \u953 \u958 \u949  \u948 \u953 \u940 \u960 \u955 \u945 \u964 \u945 . \u928 \u955 \u941 \u959 \u957 , \u948 \u949 \u957  \u965 \u960 \u940 \u961 \u967 \u949 \u953  \u960 \u959 \u955 \u953 \u964 \u953 \u954 \u972 \u962  \u967 \u974 \u961 \u959 \u962  \u960 \u959 \u965  \u957 \u945  \u956 \u951 \u957  \u945 \u958 \u953 \u959 \u960 \u959 \u953 \u949 \u943  \u964 \u945  social media \u947 \u953 \u945  \u964 \u951  \u948 \u953 \u940 \u948 \u959 \u963 \u951  \u964 \u951 \u962  \u945 \u964 \u950 \u941 \u957 \u964 \u945 \u962  \u964 \u959 \u965 .\
-\uc0\u928 \u941 \u961 \u945  \u945 \u960 \u972  \u964 \u951 \u957  \u967 \u961 \u942 \u963 \u951  \u964 \u959 \u965  Twitter \u954 \u945 \u953  \u940 \u955 \u955 \u969 \u957  social media \u963 \u964 \u953 \u962  \u960 \u961 \u959 \u949 \u954 \u955 \u959 \u947 \u953 \u954 \u941 \u962  \u949 \u954 \u963 \u964 \u961 \u945 \u964 \u949 \u943 \u949 \u962 , \u951  \u963 \u965 \u947 \u954 \u941 \u957 \u964 \u961 \u969 \u963 \u951  \u954 \u945 \u953  \u949 \u960 \u949 \u958 \u949 \u961 \u947 \u945 \u963 \u943 \u945 \u962  tweets \u945 \u960 \u972  \u949 \u954 \u945 \u964 \u959 \u956 \u956 \u973 \u961 \u953 \u945  \u967 \u961 \u942 \u963 \u964 \u949 \u962  \u956 \u960 \u959 \u961 \u949 \u943  \u957 \u945  \u948 \u953 \u949 \u961 \u949 \u965 \u957 \u942 \u963 \u949 \u953  \u964 \u953 \u962  \u948 \u953 \u945 \u952 \u941 \u963 \u949 \u953 \u962  \u964 \u951 \u962  \u954 \u959 \u953 \u957 \u942 \u962  \u947 \u957 \u974 \u956 \u951 \u962 . \u917 \u943 \u957 \u945 \u953  \u947 \u957 \u969 \u963 \u964 \u972  \u960 \u969 \u962  \u963 \u964 \u953 \u962  \u960 \u955 \u945 \u964 \u966 \u972 \u961 \u956 \u949 \u962  \u964 \u969 \u957  social media, \u960 \u959 \u955 \u955 \u959 \u943  \u949 \u943 \u957 \u945 \u953  \u959 \u953  \u967 \u961 \u942 \u963 \u964 \u949 \u962  \u960 \u959 \u965  \u949 \u954 \u948 \u951 \u955 \u974 \u957 \u959 \u965 \u957  \u964 \u951 \u957  \u959 \u961 \u947 \u942  \u964 \u959 \u965 \u962  \u942  \u964 \u951  \u948 \u965 \u963 \u945 \u961 \u941 \u963 \u954 \u949 \u953 \u945  \u964 \u959 \u965 \u962  \u947 \u953 \u945  \u954 \u940 \u960 \u959 \u953 \u959  \u960 \u959 \u955 \u953 \u964 \u953 \u954 \u972  \u960 \u961 \u972 \u963 \u969 \u960 \u959  \u942  \u947 \u953 \u945  \u954 \u940 \u960 \u959 \u953 \u945  \u960 \u959 \u955 \u953 \u964 \u953 \u954 \u942  \u949 \u958 \u941 \u955 \u953 \u958 \u951 . \u919  \u949 \u954 \u964 \u943 \u956 \u951 \u963 \u951  \u964 \u951 \u962  \u948 \u953 \u940 \u952 \u949 \u963 \u951 \u962  \u964 \u951 \u962  \u954 \u959 \u953 \u957 \u942 \u962  \u947 \u957 \u974 \u956 \u951 \u962  \u947 \u953 \u945  \u941 \u957 \u945  \u960 \u961 \u972 \u963 \u969 \u960 \u959  \u942  \u941 \u957 \u945  \u957 \u959 \u956 \u959 \u963 \u967 \u941 \u948 \u953 \u959  \u942  \u941 \u957 \u945  \u960 \u959 \u955 \u953 \u964 \u953 \u954 \u972  \u947 \u949 \u947 \u959 \u957 \u972 \u962  \u949 \u943 \u957 \u945 \u953  \u945 \u961 \u954 \u949 \u964 \u940  \u960 \u959 \u955 \u973 \u964 \u953 \u956 \u951  \u964 \u972 \u963 \u959  \u947 \u953 \u945  \u964 \u953 \u962  \u954 \u965 \u946 \u949 \u961 \u957 \u942 \u963 \u949 \u953 \u962  \u972 \u963 \u959  \u954 \u945 \u953  \u947 \u953 \u945  \u964 \u945  \u960 \u959 \u955 \u953 \u964 \u953 \u954 \u940  \u954 \u972 \u956 \u956 \u945 \u964 \u945 . \u932 \u945  social media \u945 \u960 \u959 \u964 \u949 \u955 \u959 \u973 \u957  \u956 \u943 \u945  \u940 \u964 \u965 \u960 \u951  \u914 \u959 \u965 \u955 \u942 , \u956 \u949  \u967 \u953 \u955 \u953 \u940 \u948 \u949 \u962  \u967 \u961 \u942 \u963 \u964 \u949 \u962  \u957 \u945  \'93\u968 \u951 \u966 \u943 \u950 \u959 \u965 \u957 \'94 \u951 \u955 \u949 \u954 \u964 \u961 \u959 \u957 \u953 \u954 \u940  \u956 \u941 \u963 \u969  \u964 \u969 \u957  tweets \u964 \u959 \u965  \u947 \u953 \u945  \u959 \u964 \u953 \u948 \u942 \u960 \u959 \u964 \u949  \u963 \u965 \u956 \u946 \u945 \u943 \u957 \u949 \u953 . \u917 \u943 \u957 \u945 \u953  \u964 \u972 \u963 \u959  \u967 \u961 \u942 \u963 \u953 \u956 \u951  \u945 \u965 \u964 \u942  \u951  \u949 \u954 \u964 \u943 \u956 \u951 \u963 \u951  \u964 \u951 \u962  \u940 \u960 \u959 \u968 \u951 \u962  \u964 \u959 \u965  \u954 \u959 \u953 \u957 \u959 \u973 , \u960 \u959 \u965  \u960 \u959 \u955 \u953 \u964 \u953 \u954 \u959 \u943  \u967 \u961 \u951 \u963 \u953 \u956 \u959 \u960 \u959 \u953 \u959 \u973 \u957  \u949 \u943 \u964 \u949  \u941 \u956 \u956 \u953 \u963 \u952 \u959 \u965 \u962  \u967 \u961 \u942 \u963 \u964 \u949 \u962  \u949 \u943 \u964 \u949  bots \u947 \u953 \u945  \u964 \u951  \u946 \u949 \u955 \u964 \u943 \u969 \u963 \u951  \u964 \u951 \u962  \u948 \u953 \u945 \u948 \u953 \u954 \u964 \u965 \u945 \u954 \u942 \u962  \u964 \u959 \u965 \u962  \u949 \u953 \u954 \u972 \u957 \u945 \u962  \u956 \u949  \u968 \u949 \u973 \u964 \u953 \u954 \u945  retweets \u954 \u945 \u953  likes.\
-\uc0\u951  \u967 \u961 \u942 \u963 \u951  \u964 \u959 \u965  Twitter \u954 \u945 \u953  \u964 \u969 \u957  \u940 \u955 \u955 \u969 \u957  social media \u949 \u957 \u952 \u945 \u961 \u961 \u973 \u957 \u959 \u965 \u957  \u964 \u951  \u955 \u945 \u970 \u954 \u942  \u948 \u965 \u963 \u945 \u961 \u941 \u963 \u954 \u949 \u953 \u945 . \u919  \u948 \u965 \u957 \u945 \u964 \u972 \u964 \u951 \u964 \u945  \u964 \u959 \u965  \u954 \u940 \u952 \u949  \u967 \u961 \u942 \u963 \u964 \u951  \u957 \u945  \u960 \u959 \u963 \u964 \u940 \u961 \u949 \u953  \u959 \u964 \u953 \u948 \u942 \u960 \u959 \u964 \u949  \u964 \u959 \u965  \u954 \u953 \u957 \u949 \u943  \u964 \u959  \u949 \u957 \u948 \u953 \u945 \u966 \u941 \u961 \u959 \u957 , \u941 \u967 \u949 \u953  \u945 \u957 \u959 \u943 \u958 \u949 \u953  \u957 \u941 \u959 \u965 \u962  \u959 \u961 \u943 \u950 \u959 \u957 \u964 \u949 \u962  \u963 \u949  \u945 \u965 \u964 \u972  \u960 \u959 \u965  \u959 \u957 \u959 \u956 \u940 \u950 \u959 \u965 \u956 \u949  \'93\u948 \u953 \u945 \u948 \u953 \u954 \u964 \u965 \u945 \u954 \u972 \u962  \u945 \u954 \u964 \u953 \u946 \u953 \u963 \u956 \u972 \u962 \'94. \u916 \u953 \u940 \u966 \u959 \u961 \u945  \u954 \u953 \u957 \u942 \u956 \u945 \u964 \u945 , \u956 \u941 \u963 \u969  \u964 \u951 \u962  \u964 \u945 \u967 \u973 \u964 \u945 \u964 \u951 \u962  \u945 \u957 \u964 \u945 \u955 \u955 \u945 \u947 \u942 \u962  \u960 \u955 \u951 \u961 \u959 \u966 \u959 \u961 \u943 \u945 \u962 , \u941 \u967 \u959 \u965 \u957  \u949 \u958 \u949 \u955 \u953 \u967 \u952 \u949 \u943  \u963 \u949  \u960 \u961 \u945 \u947 \u956 \u945 \u964 \u953 \u954 \u941 \u962  \u949 \u958 \u949 \u947 \u941 \u961 \u963 \u949 \u953 \u962 , \u955 \u949 \u953 \u964 \u959 \u965 \u961 \u947 \u974 \u957 \u964 \u945 \u962  \u969 \u962  \u954 \u945 \u964 \u945 \u955 \u973 \u964 \u951 \u962  \u947 \u953 \u945  \u964 \u953 \u962  \u960 \u959 \u955 \u953 \u964 \u953 \u954 \u941 \u962  \u949 \u958 \u949 \u955 \u943 \u958 \u949 \u953 \u962  \u963 \u949  \u956 \u943 \u945  \u967 \u974 \u961 \u945  \u945 \u955 \u955 \u940  \u954 \u945 \u953  \u960 \u945 \u947 \u954 \u959 \u963 \u956 \u943 \u969 \u962 . \u917 \u943 \u957 \u945 \u953  \u967 \u945 \u961 \u945 \u954 \u964 \u951 \u961 \u953 \u963 \u964 \u953 \u954 \u940  \u960 \u945 \u961 \u945 \u948 \u949 \u943 \u947 \u956 \u945 \u964 \u945  \u964 \u945  \u954 \u953 \u957 \u942 \u956 \u945 \u964 \u945  \u963 \u964 \u953 \u962  \u967 \u974 \u961 \u949 \u962  \u964 \u951 \u962  \u924 \u949 \u963 \u959 \u947 \u949 \u953 \u945 \u954 \u942 \u962  \u913 \u966 \u961 \u953 \u954 \u942 \u962  \u942  \u964 \u959  \u954 \u943 \u957 \u951 \u956 \u945  \u964 \u969 \u957  \u945 \u947 \u945 \u957 \u945 \u954 \u964 \u953 \u963 \u956 \u941 \u957 \u969 \u957  \u960 \u959 \u955 \u953 \u964 \u974 \u957  \u963 \u949  \u921 \u963 \u960 \u945 \u957 \u943 \u945  \u954 \u945 \u953  \u917 \u955 \u955 \u940 \u948 \u945 , \u960 \u959 \u965  \u945 \u960 \u972  \u945 \u960 \u955 \u941 \u962  \u948 \u953 \u945 \u956 \u945 \u961 \u964 \u965 \u961 \u943 \u949 \u962  \u949 \u958 \u949 \u955 \u943 \u967 \u952 \u951 \u954 \u945 \u957  \u963 \u949  \u956 \u945 \u950 \u953 \u954 \u940  \u945 \u957 \u964 \u953 \u954 \u965 \u946 \u949 \u961 \u957 \u951 \u964 \u953 \u954 \u940  \u954 \u953 \u957 \u942 \u956 \u945 \u964 \u945 . \u919  \u948 \u965 \u957 \u945 \u964 \u972 \u964 \u951 \u964 \u945  \u964 \u959 \u965  \u954 \u940 \u952 \u949  \u967 \u961 \u942 \u963 \u964 \u951  \u957 \u945  \u960 \u945 \u943 \u958 \u949 \u953  \u964 \u959  \u961 \u972 \u955 \u959  \u949 \u957 \u972 \u962  \u945 \u960 \u955 \u959 \u973  \u948 \u951 \u956 \u959 \u963 \u953 \u959 \u947 \u961 \u940 \u966 \u959 \u965  \u954 \u945 \u953  \u951  \u949 \u965 \u961 \u973 \u964 \u945 \u964 \u951  \u967 \u961 \u942 \u963 \u951  \u964 \u959 \u965  Twitter \u969 \u962  \u956 \u941 \u963 \u959  \u941 \u954 \u966 \u961 \u945 \u963 \u951 \u962  \u960 \u959 \u955 \u953 \u964 \u953 \u954 \u942 \u962  \u940 \u960 \u959 \u968 \u951 \u962  \u954 \u945 \u953  \u954 \u965 \u961 \u943 \u969 \u962  \u954 \u961 \u953 \u964 \u953 \u954 \u942 \u962 , \u949 \u943 \u957 \u945 \u953  \u963 \u951 \u956 \u945 \u957 \u964 \u953 \u954 \u940  \u972 \u960 \u955 \u945  \u963 \u964 \u945  \u967 \u941 \u961 \u953 \u945  \u960 \u959 \u955 \u955 \u940  \u947 \u953 \u945  \u964 \u951  \u948 \u953 \u949 \u954 \u948 \u943 \u954 \u951 \u963 \u951  \u956 \u953 \u945 \u962  \u954 \u945 \u955 \u973 \u964 \u949 \u961 \u951 \u962  \u950 \u969 \u942 \u962 .\
-\uc0\u959 \u953  \u960 \u955 \u945 \u964 \u966 \u972 \u961 \u956 \u949 \u962  \u964 \u969 \u957  social media, \u941 \u964 \u963 \u953  \u954 \u945 \u953  \u964 \u959  twitter, \u945 \u958 \u953 \u959 \u960 \u959 \u953 \u959 \u973 \u957 \u964 \u945 \u953  \u949 \u960 \u953 \u954 \u943 \u957 \u948 \u965 \u957 \u945  \u960 \u959 \u955 \u955 \u941 \u962  \u966 \u959 \u961 \u941 \u962  \u949 \u943 \u964 \u949  \u947 \u953 \u945  \u964 \u951  \u967 \u949 \u953 \u961 \u945 \u947 \u974 \u947 \u951 \u963 \u951  \u964 \u951 \u962  \u954 \u959 \u953 \u957 \u942 \u962  \u947 \u957 \u974 \u956 \u951 \u962  \u949 \u943 \u964 \u949  \u947 \u953 \u945  \u964 \u951  \u948 \u953 \u940 \u948 \u959 \u963 \u951  fake news \u954 \u945 \u953  \u952 \u949 \u969 \u961 \u953 \u974 \u957  \u963 \u965 \u957 \u959 \u956 \u969 \u963 \u943 \u945 \u962 . \u928 \u959 \u955 \u953 \u964 \u953 \u954 \u959 \u943  \u954 \u945 \u953  \u956 \u949 \u947 \u940 \u955 \u949 \u962  \u949 \u960 \u953 \u967 \u949 \u953 \u961 \u942 \u963 \u949 \u953 \u962  \u963 \u965 \u957 \u949 \u961 \u947 \u940 \u950 \u959 \u957 \u964 \u945 \u953  \u963 \u964 \u959  political advertising \u956 \u949  \u963 \u954 \u959 \u960 \u972  \u964 \u959 \u957  \u945 \u960 \u959 \u960 \u961 \u959 \u963 \u945 \u957 \u945 \u964 \u959 \u955 \u953 \u963 \u956 \u972  \u954 \u959 \u953 \u957 \u942 \u962  \u947 \u957 \u974 \u956 \u951 \u962 . \u917 \u943 \u957 \u945 \u953  \u949 \u965 \u961 \u941 \u969 \u962  \u947 \u957 \u969 \u963 \u964 \u972  \u964 \u959  \u963 \u954 \u940 \u957 \u948 \u945 \u955 \u959  \u964 \u951 \u962  \u956 \u949 \u947 \u940 \u955 \u951 \u962  \u963 \u965 \u956 \u946 \u959 \u965 \u955 \u949 \u965 \u964 \u953 \u954 \u942 \u962  \u949 \u964 \u945 \u953 \u961 \u949 \u943 \u945 \u962 , \u964 \u951 \u962  Cambridge Analytica, \u951  \u959 \u960 \u959 \u943 \u945  \u963 \u965 \u947 \u954 \u941 \u957 \u964 \u961 \u969 \u963 \u949  \u960 \u945 \u961 \u940 \u957 \u959 \u956 \u945  \u964 \u945  \u960 \u961 \u959 \u963 \u969 \u960 \u953 \u954 \u940  \u948 \u949 \u948 \u959 \u956 \u941 \u957 \u945  \u945 \u960 \u972  87 \u949 \u954 \u945 \u964 \u959 \u956 \u956 \u965 \u961 \u953 \u945  \u967 \u961 \u942 \u963 \u964 \u949 \u962  \u954 \u945 \u953  \u956 \u949  \u945 \u965 \u964 \u972  \u964 \u959  \u964 \u961 \u972 \u960 \u959  \u946 \u959 \u942 \u952 \u951 \u963 \u949  \u963 \u964 \u951 \u957  \u960 \u961 \u959 \u949 \u954 \u955 \u959 \u947 \u953 \u954 \u942  \u949 \u954 \u963 \u964 \u961 \u945 \u964 \u949 \u943 \u945  \u963 \u964 \u959  2016 \u964 \u959 \u965  Ted Cruz \u954 \u945 \u953  \u964 \u959 \u965  Donald Trump. \u928 \u945 \u961 \u940 \u955 \u955 \u951 \u955 \u945 , \u951  \u949 \u965 \u961 \u949 \u943 \u945  \u967 \u961 \u942 \u963 \u951  \u964 \u959 \u965  Twitter \u947 \u953 \u945  \u964 \u951  \u948 \u953 \u945 \u963 \u960 \u959 \u961 \u940  \u968 \u949 \u965 \u948 \u974 \u957  \u949 \u953 \u948 \u951 \u963 \u941 \u969 \u957  \u941 \u967 \u949 \u953  \u955 \u940 \u946 \u949 \u953  \u964 \u949 \u961 \u940 \u963 \u964 \u953 \u949 \u962  \u948 \u953 \u945 \u963 \u964 \u940 \u963 \u949 \u953 \u962 . \u932 \u959  \u966 \u945 \u953 \u957 \u972 \u956 \u949 \u957 \u959  \u964 \u969 \u957  fake news \u947 \u953 \u947 \u945 \u957 \u964 \u974 \u952 \u951 \u954 \u949  \u964 \u951  \u960 \u949 \u961 \u943 \u959 \u948 \u959  \u964 \u951 \u962  \u960 \u945 \u957 \u948 \u951 \u956 \u943 \u945 \u962  \u964 \u959 \u965  COVID-19. \u927 \u953  \u956 \u949 \u947 \u940 \u955 \u949 \u962  \u960 \u955 \u945 \u964 \u966 \u972 \u961 \u956 \u949 \u962  \u941 \u967 \u959 \u965 \u957  \u945 \u957 \u945 \u960 \u964 \u973 \u958 \u949 \u953  \u956 \u951 \u967 \u945 \u957 \u953 \u963 \u956 \u959 \u973 \u962  \u947 \u953 \u945  \u957 \u945  \u960 \u949 \u961 \u953 \u959 \u961 \u943 \u963 \u959 \u965 \u957  \u964 \u959  \u966 \u945 \u953 \u957 \u972 \u956 \u949 \u957 \u959  \u945 \u965 \u964 \u972 , \u945 \u960 \u949 \u957 \u949 \u961 \u947 \u959 \u960 \u959 \u953 \u974 \u957 \u964 \u945 \u962  \u955 \u959 \u947 \u945 \u961 \u953 \u945 \u963 \u956 \u959 \u973 \u962  (\u945 \u954 \u972 \u956 \u945  \u954 \u945 \u953  \u964 \u959 \u965  Donald Trump) \u954 \u945 \u953  \u945 \u960 \u959 \u954 \u972 \u960 \u964 \u959 \u957 \u964 \u945 \u962  \u960 \u949 \u961 \u953 \u949 \u967 \u972 \u956 \u949 \u957 \u959 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \
\
}